- Ingredients:
	- 160g cream cheese
	- 20g unsalted butter
	- 50ml non-sugar milk
	- 40g baking flour (or 30g all-purpose flour & 10g cornstarch)
	- 4x eggs
	- 1/4 tsp lemon juice
	- 80g sugar
	- water
	- apricot {{cloze 杏仁，杏黄色}} jam (or honey)
- Materials:
	- 2x large mixing bowls
	- 1x pot (size not mentioned but I would recommend relatively small) & 1x stove
	- 1x hand whisk {{cloze (蛋, 奶油等的)搅拌器}}
	- 1x hand sieve {{cloze  筛子; 筛网; 过滤器}}
	- 2x bowls/plates (to store eggs)
	- 1x electric whisk
	- 1x spatula {{cloze (调和, 涂抹用)抹刀, 小铲}}
	- 1x oven
- Recipe:
	- 1. Leave cream cheese at room temperature & then mash until smooth (make sure you let it cool off before mashing - otherwise it will be chunky).
	- 2. Add unsalted butter to the cream cheese (don't mix yet).
	- 3. Boil water in a pot & place the mashed cream cheese on top of the boiling water.
	- 4. Whisk until the butter is melted & the cream cheese is warm.
	- 5. Add non-sugar milk  into pot, whisk until all mixed & warm, then take out of pot.
	- 6. Sift in baking flour (or all-purpose & cornstarch) & whisk together well.
	- 7. Separate the whites & yolks for the eggs.
	- 8. Whisk the yolks into the cream cheese mixture (step 6).
	- 9. Beat the egg whites and lemon juice (it droops a little when picked up). In three parts, add the sugar and keep beating (every 15s) until soft peaks form.
	- 10. Add in 1/3 of the egg whites (in two parts) to the cream cheese mixture (step 8) (make sure the mixture is a little bit warm) - then whisk it in in one direction only.
	- 11. Pour the cream cheese mixture into the bowl with the rest of the egg whites. Use the "fold technique" to make sure all the liquids are combined.
	- 12. Stir gently until everything is combined (the final mixture should be pretty liquid).
	- 13. Place wax paper in a cake pan, then pour in the cake mixture. Hold a spatula's {{cloze (调和, 涂抹用)抹刀, 小铲}} narrow end in between to get rid of bubbles.
	- 14. Place the cake pan in a mold {{cloze n. 模子, 模型, 霉菌}} , then fill in 1/3 to 1/4 with hot water.
	- 15. Preheat oven for 15min at 170/180 degrees Celsius.
	- 16. Bake cake at 160 degrees celsius for 20min.
	- 17. Open oven to allow cake to cool for 5 - 10s. then bake at 110 degrees celsius for 60min.
	- 18. Gently tap around the mold for the cake to fall out. Spread honey or apricot jam to the top to make it look pretty.
	- 19. Enjoy!
- {{youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qq2MACXNWk}}